README.md, before:

# &lt;catalyst-toggle-switch&gt;

[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch/releases)
[![David](https://img.shields.io/david/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch)
[![David](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch?type=dev)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Published on webcomponents.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/webcomponents.org-published-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch)

[Live Demo ↗](https://catalyst.github.io/CatalystElements/#/elements/catalyst-toggle-switch/demos/basic)
|
[API documentation ↗](https://catalyst.github.io/CatalystElements/#/elements/catalyst-toggle-switch)

`<catalyst-toggle-switch>` is a web component toggle switch, part of the `Catalyst Elements Collection`. It is essentially a checkbox.

It extends [`<catalyst-toggle-button>`](https://gitlab.wgtn.cat-it.co.nz/CatalystElements/catalyst-toggle-button)

## Installation

Install with npm:

```sh
npm install --save @catalyst-elements/catalyst-toggle-switch
```

Install with yarn:

```sh
yarn add @catalyst-elements/catalyst-toggle-switch
```

## Usage

### As a Module (Recommend)

Import the module on each page that uses the component.

```html
<script type="module" src="node_modules/@catalyst-elements/catalyst-toggle-switch/dist/catalyst-toggle-switch.module.js"></script>
```

Then simply use it like any other tag:

```html
<catalyst-toggle-switch></catalyst-toggle-switch>
```

### As a script

Import the script for the component on each page that it is uses on.

Note: you will also have to import the dependancies the component uses first.

```html
<!-- Import dependencies -->
<script src="node_modules/@catalyst-elements/catalyst-toggle-button/dist/catalyst-toggle-button.js"></script>

<!-- Import the element -->
<script src="node_modules/@catalyst-elements/catalyst-toggle-switch/dist/catalyst-toggle-switch.js"></script>
```

The element can then be use it like any other tag:

```html
<catalyst-toggle-switch></catalyst-toggle-switch>
```

## Browser Compatibility

See details on the Catalyst Elements' wiki: [Browser Compatibility](https://github.com/catalyst/CatalystElements/wiki/Browser-Compatibility)

## Contributions

Contributions are most welcome.

Please read our [contribution guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Development

### Dependencies

Project dependencies are managed through [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install).

Install dependencies with:

```sh
yarn
```

### Building

The build process will create the following versions of the component in the distribution folder (`./dist`):

* an es6 module version
* an es6 script version
* an es6 minified script version
* an es5 minified script version

[Gulp](https://gulpjs.com) is used to run the build process.

Build with:

```sh
yarn run build
```

### Coding Style

This project uses [ESLint](http://eslint.org) to lint JavaScript and [Sass Lint](https://github.com/sasstools/sass-lint) to lint Sass.

To test if your code is compliant, run:

```sh
yarn run lint
```

### Docs

Note: This repo does not have it's own GitHub pages. Docs are hosted on the [Catalyst Elements Bundle](https://github.com/catalyst/CatalystElements)'s [GitHub pages](https://catalyst.github.io/CatalystElements).

Docs are build with [Polymer](https://www.polymer-project.org), the [Polymer Build Tool](https://github.com/Polymer/polymer-build) and the [Polymer Analyzer](https://github.com/Polymer/polymer-analyzer).

To build the docs, first run the analyzer which will update `./analysis.json`. The docs are then built from this file.

```sh
yarn run analyze
yarn run build-docs
```

The docs will be located under `./docs/`.

In order to view the docs in a web browser, the files need to be served from a web server (they cannot be open using the `file:///` protocall).

### Testing

Testing is done using the [web-component-tester](https://github.com/Polymer/web-component-tester).

#### Running Tests On The Command Line

```sh
yarn run test
```

#### Running Tests In The Browser

First start up a local server:

```sh
python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000
```

Then visit http://0.0.0.0:8000/test/ to see the tests in action.

Commit message:

Added polyserve support, unbuilt and built versions of docs now both work.

README.md, after:

# &lt;catalyst-toggle-switch&gt;

[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch/releases)
[![David](https://img.shields.io/david/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch)
[![David](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch?type=dev)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Published on webcomponents.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/webcomponents.org-published-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/catalyst/catalyst-toggle-switch)

[Live Demo ↗](https://catalyst.github.io/CatalystElements/#/elements/catalyst-toggle-switch/demos/basic)
|
[API documentation ↗](https://catalyst.github.io/CatalystElements/#/elements/catalyst-toggle-switch)

`<catalyst-toggle-switch>` is a web component toggle switch, part of the `Catalyst Elements Collection`. It is essentially a checkbox.

It extends [`<catalyst-toggle-button>`](https://gitlab.wgtn.cat-it.co.nz/CatalystElements/catalyst-toggle-button)

## Installation

Install with npm:

```sh
npm install --save @catalyst-elements/catalyst-toggle-switch
```

Install with yarn:

```sh
yarn add @catalyst-elements/catalyst-toggle-switch
```

## Usage

### As a Module (Recommend)

Import the module on each page that uses the component.

```html
<script type="module" src="node_modules/@catalyst-elements/catalyst-toggle-switch/dist/catalyst-toggle-switch.module.js"></script>
```

Then simply use it like any other tag:

```html
<catalyst-toggle-switch></catalyst-toggle-switch>
```

### As a script

Import the script for the component on each page that it is uses on.

Note: you will also have to import the dependancies the component uses first.

```html
<!-- Import dependencies -->
<script src="node_modules/@catalyst-elements/catalyst-toggle-button/dist/catalyst-toggle-button.js"></script>

<!-- Import the element -->
<script src="node_modules/@catalyst-elements/catalyst-toggle-switch/dist/catalyst-toggle-switch.js"></script>
```

The element can then be use it like any other tag:

```html
<catalyst-toggle-switch></catalyst-toggle-switch>
```

## Browser Compatibility

See details on the Catalyst Elements' wiki: [Browser Compatibility](https://github.com/catalyst/CatalystElements/wiki/Browser-Compatibility)

## Contributions

Contributions are most welcome.

Please read our [contribution guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Development

### Dependencies

Project dependencies are managed through [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install).

Install dependencies with:

```sh
yarn
```

### Viewing the element

First start up the included local webserver:

```sh
yarn run serve
```

Then visit http://127.0.0.1:8081/components/@catalyst-elements/catalyst-toggle-switch to load up un unbuilt version of the docs.
Select the element and choose a demo to see the element in action.

Please note that as this is an unbuild version of the docs, not all browser will be able to view the page. To view the built version of the docs see [Docs](#Docs)

### Building

The build process will create the following versions of the component in the distribution folder (`./dist`):

* an es6 module version
* an es6 script version
* an es6 minified script version
* an es5 minified script version

[Gulp](https://gulpjs.com) is used to run the build process.

Build with:

```sh
yarn run build
```

### Coding Style

This project uses [ESLint](http://eslint.org) to lint JavaScript and [Sass Lint](https://github.com/sasstools/sass-lint) to lint Sass.

To test if your code is compliant, run:

```sh
yarn run lint
```

### Docs

Note: This repo does not have it's own GitHub pages. Docs are hosted on the [Catalyst Elements Bundle](https://github.com/catalyst/CatalystElements)'s [GitHub pages](https://catalyst.github.io/CatalystElements).

Docs are build with [Polymer](https://www.polymer-project.org), the [Polymer Build Tool](https://github.com/Polymer/polymer-build) and the [Polymer Analyzer](https://github.com/Polymer/polymer-analyzer).

To build the docs, first run the analyzer which will update `./analysis.json`. The docs are then built from this file.

```sh
yarn run analyze
yarn run build-docs
```

The docs will be located under `./docs/`.

To view the docs, first start up a local webserver:

```sh
yarn run serve
```

Then visit http://127.0.0.1:8081/docs/

### Testing

Testing is done using the [web-component-tester](https://github.com/Polymer/web-component-tester).

#### Running Tests On The Command Line

```sh
yarn run test
```

#### Running Tests In The Browser

First start up a local webserver:

```sh
yarn run serve
```

Then visit http://127.0.0.1:8081/test/ to see the tests in action.
